{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Poison Cups Evaluation\
Instructions:\
1. Play with 5 Players\
2. Each player secretly picks their objective using X or O (E or Q)\
3. Each player may then secretly poison a cup using X or O (E or Q)\
4. X Places a real poison pill, while O places a fake pill\
5. Players only die if they have an odd number of poison pills\
6. Players are awarded one point if they kill their target, and another point if they live\
\
Evaluation:\
Truth be told, I had no idea what I wanted to do for the Grid Mod. I was originally just going to reskin and create audio for the game, but we were suggested not to. Thus, I started out with experimenting with GameObjects in Arrays, which ended up with me taking an old game I worked in Intro to Game Design, and making it digital.\
\
Some merits of the game include the Social Dynamic created. Thanks to Karina, I streamlined the hidden information mechanics, so players secretly input their targets with the remote, but other players can make educated guesses on which target they chose. Additionally, having players know who put pills into their cup, but not knowing what pills were added creates a very tense situation, where the current player might actually kill himself in an attempt to solve it. Code wise, I experimented with non-monobehavior class systems, and I personally find it makes coding a lot more organized, but I could be wrong (I hope code legibility isn\'92t too bad). Although because of that, it was a completely different experience this time around debugging code. Art wise, I found myself revisiting elements of old projects I worked on in Intro to Vis Comms, which kind of made this whole project a culmination of multiple classes in my opinion. I tried to go for a very peppy casual style of art. I also spent a lot more time on sound this time, trying to pick very non-serious music, and UI sound effects.\
\
If I were to revisit this project (which I intend to do), I would like to do the following things...\
1. Create a better score screen which slowly piles up the pills that were placed this round. (Could not do this because of the 1 week scope).\
2. Spend even more time on art and music, because I feel these two aspects can really further game feel. Essentially, I want to sit down some time and just work on those aspects for a week.\
3. Maybe create animations and work on UI layout. Also resize the proportions of the Build.}